whole lot of movement oh and sokoto goes
down all right hand maybe a cloth
I'm
little bit back we see
events for our this fall the truth
delgado you will see him in our co-main
event tonight
remember
Oh
science
it's material spotlight Jordan from
Atlanta in the black trunks with a white
trim and chris gray the black trunks
with a red and white trim the wooden
stand against the ropes with us tecate
signs and come into play I'm telling you
couple sato joins back in a row one I
right uppercut from chris gray puts
Gerald Jordan down Wow
and I seriously know that this man is on
a mission to regaining and bring it back
here Evander
vander certainly a pleasure for me I
know it's pledged for everyone to see in
the house thank you for you've done for
boxing thank you for being a part of the
big rock out there is a pleasure to talk
to you
Paul rough
you're watching the big rock out three
downtown Atlanta on gfl
you